Added module for CVE-2021-40444 (#15742)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/windows/fileformat/word_mshtml_rce.md

> This vulnerability is known as CVE-2021-40444, the exploitation of which allows malicious code to be executed remotely.
> 
> The vulnerability reside in MSHTML (the Internet Explorer engine). So few people use Internet Explorer these days (and
> Microsoft strongly recommends using its new Edge browser), the old browser is still a component of modern operating systems
> and some programs use its engine to manage Web content.
> 
> Some Microsoft Office applications, like Word or PowerPoint, are very dependent.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CVE-2021-40444 is a vulnerability within the MSHTML feature of the Windows operating system that relies on the old Internet Explorer engine.  It is triggered by a specially-crafted docx file, so while Word is required for exploitation, the vulnerability itself exists in the Windows Operating System.
The specially-crafted docx file contains a reference to an html file containing JavaScript that points to a separately-hosted CAB file.  When Word opens the document, it launches the IE preview feature that resolves the linked html and opens the CAB file containing an inf file and because of a zip slip vulnerability, the inf (actually a dll payload) file is stored locally and set to be opened by the control panel (cpl).  The result is a side-loaded dll payload on the system running as the user who opened the document.```

## Vulnerable Application

> The malicious document exploiting CVE-2021-40444 loads remote HTML code with active JavaScript.
> 
> The attacking code dynamically creates a new HTMLFile ActiveX object in-memory and injects into it JavaScript code that
> loads an HTML ActiveX installation object. The new object downloads a remote compressed .cab archive.
> 
> The cab archive hide  a file which is supposed to describe the object’s installation parameters, but in this case is
> used to disguise the DLL payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Workstation Windows Operating Systems from 7-10 release 21H1 are vulnerable and Server versions 2008-2022.  Windows RT versions are also vulnerable, though not by this module.  An activated version of Word is required to trigger the vulnerability.

The malicious document exploiting CVE-2021-40444 loads remote HTML code with active JavaScript.

The attacking code dynamically creates a new HTMLFile ActiveX object in-memory and injects into it JavaScript code that
loads an HTML ActiveX installation object. The new object downloads a remote compressed .cab archive.

The cab archive hides  a file which is supposed to describe the object’s installation parameters, but in this case is
used to disguise the DLL payload.
```
